### Welcome to Agiles Mexico Blog Project

##### About the project

This is the main repository for Ágiles México Web Site. This was create with Hugo Static Site Generator v0.26.

You could see that we have three public repositories:

* Blog repository: the main project
* Hugo-Universal-Theme repository: the hugo theme for build the site.
* AgilesMexico.github.io repository: the repository for save the static content for put the site on web through Github Pages.

You only have to clone this repo, and execute the shell script *build_site.sh* for update the other repos. (this project contains git submodules)

##### Project Structure

The Go Hugo Project contains:

* config.toml: here you can find the main information about the site.
* content folder: here you can find the markdowns files for blog posts.
* data folder: here you can find the yaml files for carousel, landing page, features, testimonials, etc.
* themes/hugo-universal-theme: (git submodule) you're going to see the theme repo with html, js and css resources.
* public folder: (git submodule) you're going to see the Github Pages repository. This repo is for save the static project generated by Hugo. In the most of cases you don't have to edit any file in this repo.

For more information about GoHugo Static Generator please go to their oficial web site.

##### How to run in local

This repo contains a file called *build_site.sh*, please clone and run the script.

You have to see a folder with assets files in *themes/hugo-universal-theme*, and in *public* folders. Check that in those folders you will be in *master* branch.

You have to installed GoHugo in your computer.

And finally for build the project type:

> hugo serve

And you will see the web site in *localhost:1313*

#### How to contribute

If you want to add material, modify styles, or something, please fork this repositories and send your Pull Request.

#### Adding a Blog Post

For add a new post, you have to generate a markdown file in *content/blog/* folder. You can check the other markdown files as reference. And write your post.

Plase check before the markdown syntax.

If you need to add images, please add the resources in *static* folder

This repository was started by @carlogilmar and @onahump, if you can't understand something please contact us in twiteer or by the slack channel.

